=head1 NAME

B<oppd.conf> - configuration file for oppd.pl



=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<TBD>



=head2 General daemon configuration

B<TBD>



=head2 Service sections

Each service served by oppd is defined by a service section. 
This section configures options necessary for the daemon to load the service
specific modules.

Service section format:

B<TBD> Might be outdated!

  <service SERVICE_NAME>
    module          MODULE_NAME
    servicetype     SERVICE_TYPE
    name            DESCRIPTIVE_NAME
    description     DESCRIPTIVE_TEXT
    keyword         KEYWORD
    metric          METRIC_NAME_1
    metric          METRIC_NAME_2
    ... 
    metric          METRIC_NAME_N
    tool            TOOL_NAME
    <module_param> 
      ... 
    </module_param> 
  </service SERVICE_NAME> 

Each service section is enclosed in a <service> tag. The tag also contains the
unique(!) name of the service defined by this section (SERVICE_NAME). 
This configuration file style is similar to the Apache style configuration
files.

The SERVICE_NAME correlates to the URL the service will be available at. 
E.g, MP/BWCTL means that the service can be reached via /services/MP/BWCTL. 
In most cases it is useful (but not necessary) to correlate the SERVICE_NAME
to the module name (MODULE_NAME), in this case MP::BWCTL.

servicetype, name, description, and metric are information provided to the 
Lookup Service. 

Some of the parameters have different meanings for different service types and 
not all parameters are applicable for all services. 
Special configuration parameters for a specific service type are normally 
provided in the nested element <module_param>. 

Note that if you have to enter a binary to be executed (often necessary for 
MPs, like bwctl) and the binary is not in the search path, you have to provide 
a full path to the binary, otherwise the service will not be able to execute 
the command.



=head1 GENERAL OPTIONS

B<TBD>



=head1 SERVICE SECTION OPTIONS

B<TBD>



=head1 SEE ALSO

oppd.pl



=head1 AUTHORS

DFN Labor Erlangen, win-labor@dfn.de

